Add information about "profile" param in state backend (#1522)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/intro/concepts/state.md

$ pulumi login <backend-url>
```

> Alternatively, there are 2 other options that help to aboid needing to type it every time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, there are 2 other options that avoid the need to type it every time:
```

$ pulumi login s3://<bucket-name>
```

{{% notes type="info"%}}

> Additionally, as of Pulumi CLI v3.32.2, it's possible to specify AWS profile from the shared config file `~/.aws/config` in the URL query parameter, i.e. `s3://<bucket-name>?profile=main`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Pulumi CLI v3.32.2, it's possible to specify AWS profile from the shared config file `~/.aws/config` in the URL query parameter, i.e. `s3://<bucket-name>?profile=main`
```
